that's captain Chris Myers what I'm
going to show you today is how to tie a
double uni knot the easy way and it's
used for joining two lines together I
use it for joining my leader onto my
braided line and there's an easy way and
a hard way to do it I'm going to show
you the easy way the first thing you're
going to do is lay your leader along
your line and then you're going to form
a loop it doesn't matter how big that
loop is you're just going to form a loop
and pinch it between your thumb and
forefinger now to make that you do not
what you're going to do is pass this tag
end around both pieces here and a lot of
people try to do it this way and when
you let it go it pops back out and it's
really hard to control I'll show you the
easy way make your loop then take your
middle finger and hold these pieces here
do the same thing on the other side now
your loop stays open so that you can
pass it back the tagging back and forth
from one hand to the other
so I pass it through grab it switch hand
and if you constantly switch hands each
pass through
you
for my leader the turns are gonna vary
according to the size line you're using
if I'm using 20 pound fluorocarbon I'm
gonna use 4 to 5 turns if I'm using
42-pound I'm gonna use 4 turns if I'm
using 80 pound I might only use 3 turns
so the higher of the thicker of the
leader the less turns we're going to use
I'm gonna pull on this tag and hold
these two lines together pull this down
until it's almost all the way tight and
let go over to my main line and do the
same thing I'm gonna make a loop and I'm
gonna hold that loop open with my middle
fingers and use my thumb and index
finger to pass it back and forth and
that's the that's what makes it easy if
you don't hold this thing open with your
middle fingers it's hard
you lose control that you can see how to
unwrap so I never want to let it go
let's pass it back from one hand to the
other
with my braid I'm gonna do at least
seven to eight wraps pull that down nice
and slow should make some nice tight
Bell wraps
I'll lubricate the knot then I let go of
the tag ends and just pull on the two
main lines and these wraps will smash up
against each other and they'll form a
nice tight wraps so that's with some
thick stuff so you can see it now I'm
gonna do it with some regular line show
you how quick and easy this is so I have
some 20 pound lotto we're gonna connect
it to my ten pound braid and usually I
like to do the leader part first so I'll
make my loop put everything my middle
fingers just pass it back and forth four
times I'm gonna just grab onto the tag
end hold everything in my right hand
pull that down I'm pulling that thing
down flipped almost tight and the wraps
are nice and close together I come down
through my braided line and if I don't
have enough I don't think I have enough
to work with just grab onto the Naughton
pull some more line through and get as
much as you want it doesn't matter what
size you make this loop you just want to
make sure you have enough left over pass
it back and forth let's start passing
that through two three four five six
seven yeah it's getting kind of short so
I didn't have this much I ran out of
line pull these down nice and slow so
that they wrap evenly and then I'm going
to grab on the two main lines and pull
this thing together each other nice and
tight
that knots almost 100% strength and use
it for joining two mono or fluorocarbon
lines together as you can see you can
use it for braid to mono or fluorocarbon
you trim that off nice and close and
that's the quick and easy way to make a
WT knot
you